Oh
I was off-duty one day this bar in
Washington Heights the cops didn't have
to pay for their drinks
a couple of guys came in to rob the
place chased them into the street shot
two dead or the third one on the legs
why don't you look at little you see one
shot
well bullet took a bad huh see your
private detective unlicensed I do favors
for people in return they give me gifts
so what can I do for you
someone's kidnapped my wife
a payment would they killed her anyway I
want you to find the man who did this
and bring them to me whoever it was took
your wife didn't just make your name out
of that we've been following her know
your schedule I've done this before
they're gonna do it again
it's a face I never laid a hand on the
other to death once you better worry
about curse
they will persist these guys are
monsters and not human how can I find
them
people are afraid of all the last things
I wants her in the family just body
parts
you've dealt with situations like this
not like this